>> Kyle Simpson: Let's double
check our understanding.
How is JavaScript's prototype chain not
like traditional classical inheritance?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
The opposite direction.
>> Kyle Simpson: The arrows
go right to left and
bottom to top instead of
the other way around, right?
In other words instead
of copying things down,
we have live links up the prototype chain.
>> Kyle Simpson: What would you
describe if somebody said hey
what's this whole delegation thing about?
How would you describe what it is?
And how does it describe
the object linking in JavaScript?
>> Kyle Simpson: I would say that the
prototype chain is a delegation link from
one object to another that allows those
two objects to share context at call time.
AKA virtual composition.
>> Kyle Simpson: We
already talked about this,
one of the benefits of that delegation
design pattern is independent testability.
What do you think some of
the trade-offs of prototype are?
We already mentioned one of them earlier
which was, we lost encapsulation,
everything is in public now.
Can you think of any other down sides
to using prototypes and delegation?
I mean there's the obvious one, which is
that the code is more complex, all right?
There's no right or wrong answers here,
it's just to probe you into thinking.